Title: Jesed Renteria, Project Vohtenheim

Problem Description: I will be creating a program that is narrative-driven and text-adventure and acts like an RPG game like Skyrim that involves with you, the protagonist, to defeat a boss and the protagonist will be given choices to select their path to gain levels, moves, and items that will help them throughout their journey.

Program Documentaion: The main program will be being by printing the text to the player asking them if they want to name their player, then they will be asked to select an occupation, and skills given by the program while showing them a brief description of what it is or what it will do. Once they finish making their character, they will be asked if they want to go to a village to buy items or go to the forest to fight enemies to gain levels or items to help the player. If the player chooses to go to the shop they will be asked if they want to buy a health potion or a mana potion or leave by entering a number. If the player chooses to go to the forest, the player will encounter an enemy, going into a fight scene. The program will then ask the user what they want to do use an item or use a move by entering a number and entering a number again to select their specific move or use a specific item and from here it will continue until either the player is defeated or the current enemy is defeated.  There is a while loop that is used for prompting the user for his decisions until the player defeats the big boss and once he defeats all the enemies within the area, the player will be able to fight the big boss and if they defeat the big boss, the player wins and the game ends or else the player loses and the game is over. Lots and lots of changes were made especially with how I wanted to manipulate my Stats and how I wanted my Moves to work. I included a module that allowed me to read in a file easily and included randomness to make the game more exciting. 

Class Description: The custom classes that I created are a Character class as a interface for the Hero and Enemy Class and a Area class that contains a certain amount of enemies, a shop, and a boss. I used runtime polymorphism to make my coding efficient. Creating the classes helped me reduce time to code the same things repeatedly and made it efficient for me save stats and data in characters. The character class will be used as a formatter in creating enemies and the protagonist. Similar to pokemon and skyrim, the enemies have their own status, occupation, moves, name, race and level. In addition, an Area class will be used for the hero to proceed on with their journey. Inside the Area Class it contains its difficulty based on the area number, the area's number of enemies and the big boss. The number of potions set up in each area and the price per bottle set up in each area.

List Data Structure: I chose vectors as my list data structure since I thought it was easy for me to manipulate by adding enemies to my vector or erasing enemies inside my vector and the same can go for my vectors that contains moves and items. Vectors will be used for multiple things such as a list of moves, status of health, defense, attack, speed, magic power, and intelligence, the character’s information such as name, race, moves, items, gold, and status and the items that the character has.

File I/O: File I/O is incorporated when taking in the moveData file, getting the line, separating the line by its respective variables, and stored inside a move structure and pushed back into the vector. It was necessary since it allows the user to select a move they would like to learn for the protagonist to defeat his enemies.

Reflections: I learned about the complexity and struggles when it comes to creating a game in C++ and learned a new module that helped me in reading data files, and I think organizing my thoughts, writing down a map to get an idea of how I want my game to layout, and writing psuedocode to map out what needs to coded or not. There are still some bugs and balancing I have to do for the game.
